Modified description of the zone attribute for the cloud subnet (#1075)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci: website/docs/r/cloud_subnet.html.markdown

* `name_alias` - (Optional) Name alias of the Cloud Subnet object.
* `scope` - (Optional) List of domains applicable to the capability. Allowed values are "public", "private" and "shared". Default is ["private"].
* `usage` - (Optional) The usage of the port. This property shows how the port is used. Allowed values are "user", "gateway" and "infra-router". Default is "user". To make any subnet a Gateway subnet use `usage` = "gateway".	

> * `zone` - (Optional) Availability zone where the subnet must be deployed. This property can carry both the actual zone or the ACI logical zone name. In the former case, the driver directly uses the value of this property. In the latter case, the Connector has to first resolve the mapping from ACI logical zone to the actual AWS zone. When it comes to Azure, it is only applicable to subnets created in the secondary vrf of the Hub VNet and mapped to Azure’s availability zone which is "default". This parameter is required in APIC v5.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `zone` - (Optional) Availability zone where the subnet must be deployed. This property can carry both the actual zone or the ACI logical zone name. In the former case, the driver directly uses the value of this property. In the latter case, the Connector has to first resolve the mapping from ACI logical zone to the actual AWS zone. When it comes to Azure, it is only applicable to subnets created in the secondary VRF of the Hub VNet and mapped to the Hub VNet's specific Azure region’s default availability zone named "default". This parameter is required in APIC v5.0 or higher.
```
